updating README files (#131)
brain-bican/models: linkml-schema/README.md

# `LinkML` schemas for the BICAN project

This folder contains all the original LinkML schemas written in YAML format.
You can learn more about the LinkML language [here](https://linkml.io/linkml/).

Some of the models are written directly in the YAML format, while others automatically generated from Google sheets using the LinkML tool [schemasheets](https://linkml.io/schemasheets/),
 and the `schema2model` tool from the [`bkbit` package](https://github.com/brain-bican/bkbit).

## Main models

The list below contains the main models, that are exported to different formats, such as JSON Schema, Pydantic models, and JSON-LD context.
We also have some additional auxiliary models that are used to extract the core types and used by the main models.

### [anatomical_structure](anatomical_structure.yaml)

> The Anatomical Structure schema is designed to represent types and relationships of anatomical brain structures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anatomical Structure schema is designed to represent types and relationships between anatomical brain structures. 
```

##### Updates

> The model has been created directly in the YAML format, and all the updates can be done by editing the file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model has been created directly in the YAML format and all the updates can be done by editing the file directly.
```

### [assertion_evidence](assertion_evidence.yaml)

> The Assertion Evidence schema is designed to represent types and relationships of assertions and evidences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Assertion Evidence schema is designed to represent types and relationships between assertions and evidence items.
```

##### Updates

> The model has been created from the Google sheet, all information of the Google sheet id and id of the specifics tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model has been created from a Google sheet and all information of the Google sheet id and id of the specific tabs
```

 are in the [setting file](source_assertion_evidence/gsheet.yaml). 
The [source_assertion_evidence/gsheet_output](source_assertion_evidence/gsheet_output) folder contains the _cvs_ files generated from the Google sheet 
at the time of the model creation.

In order to update the model, the Google sheet has to be edited, 
and the [generate_yaml_model workflow](../.github/workflows/generate_yaml_model.yaml) has to be triggered manually.

### [genome_annotation](genome_annotation.yaml)

> The Genome Annotation schema is designed to represent types and relationships of an organism's annotated genome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Genome Annotation schema is designed to represent types and relationships between entities that constitute an organism's annotated genome.
```

##### Updates
The model has been created directly in the YAML format, and all the updates can be done by editing the file directly.

### [library_generation](library_generation.yaml)

> The Library Generation schema is designed to represent types and relationships of samples and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Library Generation schema is designed to represent types and relationships between samples and 
```
